what's up what's up everybody it feels
amazing out here look what I'm wearing
long sleeve long sleeve it's like Oh No
stephanie's maybe upper 60s feels
amazing out here
check out the FRA that's what I want to
talk about what's is wrong I'm scared I
don't know what the water temperature is
right now but I know it's cold
compare the last few days like we had a
cold front out of nowhere and then just
hit us no worries just it's like really
cold and there's nothing like he's gonna
kill him but here's what I'm worried
about
how long is it gonna stay cold this
could be a couple days or is it going to
be the rest of the season until spring
because it stays cold that's really
gonna suck because I'm had to get some
new food because yeah when this water is
all right that's a little warmer because
the geothermic heating but still water
temperature really went down you can see
watch this today no me this is what the
good thing about koi is look at that
goldfish you that low you see my go one
right there beautiful fish when you
train them this is what you can do and
you can cut them and pick them up with
the fake one bit me guess they're hungry
going cats isten like on Swamp People
but um yeah these guys are pretty hungry
and it's what you can do when you train
them they can you know they know so you
look at that they're not scared dustin
does it all the time too I do it too
he's a great fish and they're really
smart too so I'm gonna feed them guys
and I'm going to show you when they're
eating I'm coming back I go up to the
shed and get the koi food so I'm gonna
feed them and we'll talk about koi food
and why you've had to feed of different
things at different times of the year
all right you wash your feet white socks
see you don't get this out of freshwater
and saltwater fish is my only go fish
see that little fat tank you see it okay
so the koi and goldfish sabasha bumpkins
comments fantails whatever you got koi
they they're all carp and then
descendants of carp there's different
species and different little descendants
in different traits but basically
they're all carp so their metabolism
slows down when the weather changes if
it was hot they grow really fast and
that's why mine had a climax of growth
in July er and like maybe early early
August but now they're slowing down and
she got that little quarry right there
but see when the water turns cold you
need you need to twist your food over
because they see you're not really
supposed to give goldfish that much
protein in the first place so when the
weather cools down you don't want to
have much protein at all so on when the
weather cools down you need to get a
type of food that has wheat germ in it
and wheat germ it allows them basically
to eat in the fall in the winter time
when it's really cool because that's how
I live is a loose fish in the winter
it's because the fish aren't they don't
have enough fat on it it's basically
they go through like bears there's kind
of hibernation but they stay awake they
just don't really do much they just
basically breathe in there their heart
rate everything slows down
pretty slow and you just want to had
that fat on them because it's time to be
too mine up because I want them fatten
I'm kind of worried about little guys
that were born this year because they're
not really fat fat like that koi right
there and I'm just gonna feed them up as
much as I can in the fall make sure they
have a lot of fat though I will bring
some in but I'm not gonna be able to
catch them all you know it's the big
it's a big pot gonna be able to catch
them all
but on I'm gonna bring them in the
winter just to make sure but I will feed
them wheat germ foods and frogs I'm not
gonna put a heater in the base and
that's just that's just absurd but um
yeah you want to switch your few foods
during the seasons because you don't
you're gonna kill your fish if you keep
feeding them thumb like this kind of
food which is summer staple which is a
lot of protein in it which isn't good
for a day like today but I mean it's not
going to kill but on if you keep feeding
this in the winter
we're gonna die because they can't
digest it if you give them that food
with the wheat germ um they'll digest
and there's my girl right there you see
her that she bump it'll go right there a
pink little comment oh I love that Lily
look at them awesome little mofo love
goldfish and koi and stuff I don't know
why people hate them and there are some
people on the site fish tank TV chicken
I should bunk in here there well there's
some people on the chat like Serena um
tsk
Dustin Shane I'm sorry I'm leaving
people out Tommy there's people on the
site who has ponds and I'm just gonna
stop naming people for name leave them
out but I've made videos on the skies
and the dust and I understand you don't
want to be deposited you have the algae
problem and stuff get some micro lift
guys this stuff comes in like it's not
look at that monster right there I love
that fish um this stuff comes in every
every arm anything you can imagine every
season it's got vitamin nutrition flavor
it's got mixtures it's got growth it's
got summer staple it's got cold weather
it's it's got so many varieties and they
make it's it's I think it's honestly I
think it's better than new life spectrum
to be honest with you because the
results I've seen from my fish it's just
it's insane this is the only thing I
feed them along with the tadpoles they
eat and the duckweed in plants and stuff
in here but this is the only thing I
feed them myself and it besides duckweed
and I mean the growth and the colors and
but it's just insane so you gotta get
some new life spectrum guys and uh
that's what's up Connor rate subscribe
logo